S3 Partners CEO & Managing Partner Bob Sloan speaks with Yahoo Finance Live about the main ingredient of a short squeeze, whether GameStop stock could soar again, and short positions against major tech companies like Meta. JULIE HYMAN: Let's also talk about some of the stocks that we were talking about a lot more earlier in the year. We're talking about meme stocks. Our next guest was one of the few who saw last year's short squeeze of GameStop coming before it happened. And with this company's data analytics, can help investors avoid surprises from market structure and hopefully find the next Big Short squeeze. For more, we welcome in Bob Sloan, S3 Partners CEO and managing partner. Bob, thanks for being here. And just because a company has high short interest doesn't mean there's going to be a squeeze. But what are some of the conditions, if you will, that make a company or a sector or collection of companies ripe for action like that? BOB SLOAN: That's a terrific question. The main ingredient to a short squeeze is not the flawed short interest that you will see published on Google. The main ingredient of a short squeeze is how much are short sellers losing and what's the upward momentum price action of the stock. As they lose more money and you see the price action go higher, that is what causes a short squeeze. That is what S3 calculates, and that's why we're one of the most popular data sets in the world when it comes to measuring short interest float and financing rates. BRAD SMITH: Is there enough short activity right now or short volume or float that's in the market right now to cause anything near the type of scale that we saw at the beginning of 2021? BOB SLOAN: If you look at GME, I think there's still a billion 2 short in the stock. If this stock goes past $30, you could see something parabolic. BRIAN SOZZI: Bob, one of the-- I would say one of the conditions for the height of the meme
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. Privacy Check-Up Looking to change your privacy settings? Take the Privacy Check-Up We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for key terms. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us. We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application or device that
In Tesla’s (NASDAQ: TSLA) Q3 earnings call last month, Elon Musk said that he believes his company has the potential to be bigger than Apple and oil giant Saudi Aramco combined. This got my attention. Currently, Tesla has a market capitalisation of about $716bn. However, Apple and Saudi Aramco have a combined market-cap of around $4.6trn. If Elon Musk is right, Tesla stock could be a huge winner from here. Should I buy the growth stock on the back of this bold call from the ambitious CEO? Let’s discuss. In the long run, I do think Tesla has the potential to get much bigger. This isn’t just a car company. Instead, it’s a car company, a battery company, a solar panel company, an artificial intelligence company, and much more. I’ve said before that what really excites me about Tesla is its autonomous driving technology. I see a lot of potential here. If the company can crack full ‘Level 5’ self-driving technology, it could launch a ‘robotaxi’ service and ultimately change the way we get around forever. It’s worth noting that this robotaxi concept is a major part of Cathie Wood’s investment thesis for Tesla. In a research report published last year, the high-profile fund manager put a 2026 share price target of $1,533 ($4,600 before the recent stock split) on the stock on the back of the robotaxi potential. At the time, her view was that there was a 50% chance that Tesla will achieve fully autonomous driving within five years. Given the growth potential here, I wouldn’t rule out the possibility of Tesla becoming bigger than Apple and Saudi Aramco combined at some stage. I think it’s certainly possible. Having said that, I think there’s a chance Tesla stock could keep falling before it climbs meaningfully higher. In the short term, the company is facing a number of challenges. For example, right now Tesla is facing major supply chain and logistical issues. This is illustrated by the fact that last quarter it produced 365,923 electric vehicles, but only managed to deliver 343,830 of them. This delivery figure was below
The options market tracking bitcoin (BTC) suggests that the once-overwhelming fear of an extended slide has subsided, a sign that the worst may be behind us. For the first time since March, both long-term and short-term skews have climbed to zero, which indicates that the demand for puts or downside protection relative to calls or bullish bets has weakened. Skew measures the spread between the implied volatility of calls and puts. A call option gives the purchaser the right, but not the obligation to buy the underlying asset at a pre-determined price on or before a specific date. A put option gives the right to sell. Implied volatility refers to expectations for price turbulence over a particular period and is influenced by demand for options. So, a positive call-put skew indicates greater demand for calls, while a negative skew implies bias for puts. A neutral or near zero skew is a sign the demand for bullish and bearish bets is balanced. "The market sentiment has returned to neutral after a long time," Griff Ardern, a volatility trader from crypto asset management firm Blofin told CoinDesk. "That's one of the important signals that the market may have found a bottom." The 30-, 90- and 180-day skews have returned to near zero for the first time since late March/early April. The 60-day skew has turned marginally positive, hinting a bias for calls expiring in two months. The sentiment has flipped from negative to neutral amid hopes that the Federal Reserve (Fed) would slow down the pace of monetary tightening from December. The Fed has raised rates by 300 basis points this year to control inflation, putting risk assets, including cryptocurrencies, under pressure. "Suppose the Fed eventually chooses to ease monetary policy gradually. In that case, we may witness a gradual recovery in the market in recent months," Ardern said. The Fed is likely to raise rates by 75 basis points on Wednesday and signal a step down to 50 basis points in December. That said, it's still too early to bet on a price rally by purchasing call options, according to options
Effective 5 January 2022 | Archived versions | Download PDF Country version: India These Terms of Service reflect the way that Google’s business works, the laws that apply to our company, and certain things that we’ve always believed to be true. As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings: Understanding these terms is important because, by using our services, you’re agreeing to these terms. Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy. Although it’s not part of these terms, we encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with: Google LLCorganised under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, California 94043USA If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please ask your parent or legal guardian to read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services, then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services. Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies. These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. Broadly speaking, we give you permission to use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money. When we speak of 'Google', 'we', 'us' and 'our', we mean Google LLC and its affiliates, excluding any local entities based in India. Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with. Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and
In this article, we discuss 15 best short squeeze stocks to buy now. If you want to see more stocks like these, check out 5 Best Short Squeeze Stocks to Buy Now.  In 2021, retail trading activity resulted in an unparalleled short squeeze that led major capital market players to lose billions of dollars. In the beginning of 2020, GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME) stock was worth about $3 per unit. However, the short interest climbed to 140% of GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME)’s total float. This means more shares were shorted than existed.  That caught the interest of retail traders, who believed GameStop had exceptional short squeeze potential. Investors on Reddit communities, such as r/wallstreetbets, seriously began to step up when Chewy co-founder Ryan Cohen purchased roughly 10% of GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME)’s total stock. This is when GameStop shares began massively climbing. Even after a year of the infamous short squeeze, GameStop remains highly popular among hardcore fans and trading volumes are still huge.  Once known as one of the best hedge funds on Wall Street, Melvin Capital, was a prominent short seller in the GameStop short squeeze. The hedge fund, which started 2021 with more than $12 billion in capital, lost 53% in January. By May 2022, Melvin Capital was still struggling with heavy losses from last year and the fund decided to liquidate its assets and return capital to all investors.  Investors stand to shore up massive share price gains during short squeezes. The GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME) short squeeze made many investors millionaires. Some of the best short squeeze stocks to buy now include Beyond Meat, Inc. (NASDAQ:BYND), Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (NASDAQ:BBBY), and AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AMC).  Our Methodology  We scoured the internet platform Reddit, particularly subreddits like r/wallstreetbets and r/shortsqueeze, and selected firms most likely to be involved in a short squeeze soon based on the sentiment of retail investors. Data from the 895 funds tracked by Insider Monkey was used to assess the hedge fund sentiment around the securities as of Q2 2022.  Image by Sergei Tokmakov Terms.Law from Pixabay Number of Hedge Fund Holders: N/A  
Effective 5 January 2022 | Archived versions | Download PDF Country version: India These Terms of Service reflect the way that Google’s business works, the laws that apply to our company, and certain things that we’ve always believed to be true. As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings: Understanding these terms is important because, by using our services, you’re agreeing to these terms. Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy. Although it’s not part of these terms, we encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with: Google LLCorganised under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, California 94043USA If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please ask your parent or legal guardian to read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services, then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services. Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies. These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. Broadly speaking, we give you permission to use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money. When we speak of 'Google', 'we', 'us' and 'our', we mean Google LLC and its affiliates, excluding any local entities based in India. Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with. Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and
Electric car giant Tesla (TSLA), reported its Q3 earnings after the bell on Wednesday, missing analysts' expectations on revenue, but slightly beating on earnings. Here are the most important numbers from the report. Q3 Revenue: $21.45 billion versus $22.09 billion expected Q3 Adjusted EPS: $1.05 versus $1.01 expected Shares of the automaker fell more than 5% following the announcement. The company says it still expects to see 50% average annual growth rate on vehicle deliveries for the year. The automaker also said it believes it has enough liquidity to continue to build out its roadmap. Still, Tesla says that it's facing year-over-year headwinds from the increased cost of raw materials and inefficiencies at its Gigafactory Berlin. A strengthening dollar is also impacting Tesla sales abroad, cutting into profitability. Prior to its earnings report, Tesla announced that it produced 365,932 vehicles in the quarter and delivered 343,830. That's up from the 258,580 it produced and 254,695 it delivered in Q2, when the company was beset by COVID-related shutdowns in China. In Q3 2021, the company produced 237,823 vehicles and delivered 241,300. As for the company's future products, Tesla says it expects to roll out its semi to Pepsi in December, and that it will begin producing its Cybertruck in Texas after ramping its Model Y production. Pras Subramanian is a reporter for Yahoo Finance. You can follow him on Twitter and on Instagram. Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Download the Yahoo Finance app for Apple or Android Follow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Flipboard, LinkedIn, and YouTube Related Quotes Tesla reported Wednesday reported revenue of $21.45 billion in the third quarter, another record-setting period that still missed analysts expectations.  Tesla's net income for the third quarter was $3.3 billion nearly double the $1.62 billion it earned in the same period last year.  Tesla also cited a strengthening dollar as another factor in its third quarter results. Yahoo Finance's Akiko Fujita discusses the move in Tesla stock after the EV maker reported earnings. Trading 46% from its 52-week highs, investors will want to see
Figure 1: Short Squeeze Alert: GME Is A Few Dollars From Going Parabolic Says S3 Partners CEO IMDB Read more from Wall Street Memes: Tilray, SNDL, and Canopy Growth: What Does Wall Street Think of Pot Stocks? S3 Partners data analytics firm specializes in analyzing short activity, float, and financial risk. In a recent interview with Yahoo Finance, S3 Partners CEO Bob Sloan said that if GameStop  (GME) - Get GameStop Corporation Report stock goes above $30 per share, it could go parabolic.  Sloan points to the fact that there are about one to two billion dollars in short interest in GameStop, which could act as fuel for a new short squeeze.  Sloan added, though, that super-high short interest is not necessary to catalyze a short squeeze. Rather, short squeezes occur when shorts (however many there are) start experiencing unacceptable losses after a sharp uptick in an underlying share price. When asked whether a darkening macroeconomic outlook provides a good reason to short stocks, Sloan responded by invoking the idea of "Kardashian economics." He believes that many short sellers are underestimating the risk of squeezes, claiming that events such as GameStop's squeeze should no longer be viewed as once-in-a-lifetime rarities.  "The Kardashians are still here. Look at that chest and apply that to the financial market and tell me whether you believe that socially mobilized investing is going to disappear." Said Bob Sloan on Netflix's "Eat the Rich: The GameStop Saga" The latest GameStop short interest data from mid-October indicated that 20% of GME’s float - 53.88 million shares - was held short. That’s an uptick from 49.53 million in mid-September. GameStop's borrow fees averaged 9% throughout October. While that’s a lower rate than earlier this year, it’s still a hefty percentage. That fee rate can put some extra pressure on short sellers to cover their positions in the event of a sudden upward movement. Thanks to GameStop's high borrowing fees, the stock was the most profitable equity in the North American lender market, generating more than $100 million in revenue for lenders.  Thus far, though, short sellers
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. Privacy Check-Up Looking to change your privacy settings? Take the Privacy Check-Up We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for key terms. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us. We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application or device that
Nearly a year into the “bitcoin bear market,” most investors who bought the cryptocurrency in 2021 are facing heavy losses and look to be waiting for rallies to close their positions, Morgan Stanley (MS) said in a research report Thursday. Bitcoin (BTC) has traded in the tightest U.S. dollar range since late 2020, despite heightened volatility in other financial markets. This stability “suggests some traders are buying dips below $18,500 to prevent BTC falling materially below its 2017 prior cycle high,” the report said. A record 78% of bitcoin has not been used in transactions in the last six months, and the level is increasing, according to the report. That implies investors who bought or received bitcoin longer than six months ago are holding on to their positions, with some likely waiting for a recovery in price, analyst Sheena Shah wrote. Estimates suggest that for the remaining 22% of bitcoin held by shorter-term investors, the average breakeven price is slightly over $22,300, the note said. The bank says that trading volumes have been falling on most exchanges except Binance, which lowered BTC trading fees to zero in July to grow market share. Bitcoin’s price has been “surprisingly stable” since this change, raising the possibility that the price stabilization was “being supported by traders on Binance taking advantage of zero fees and making short-term purchases.” Ether (ETH) is now tracking equity markets more than bitcoin, the note said. Due to BTC’s relative stability, some investors may be asking whether Ethereum’s move to proof-of-stake (PoS) “has changed the trading dynamics” for bitcoin, because the Bitcoin blockchain does not limit access to certain market participants in the way that Ethereum now does. The transition, known as the Merge, was the first of five upgrades planned for the Ethereum blockchain and involved the switch to a more energy-efficient consensus mechanism. Morgan Stanley says institutional demand for crypto depends on price volatility. Traditional finance companies have increasingly been introducing crypto products to meet client demand, but given recent flows in exchange-traded-products (ETPs) and volume trends “unless there is material upward price volatility it may be
Despite a sharp sell-off in the past month, Goldman Sachs is staying bullish on Tesla stock. "We believe that Tesla, given its leadership position in EVs (including its vertical integration and tight coupling of hardware and software, as well as its ecosystem of charging stations and brand), and its focus on clean transportation more broadly (given its solar and storage businesses) will be best positioned to capitalize on the long-term shift to EVs," Goldman Sachs analysts wrote in a new paper looking at winners from the shift to autonomous driving. Goldman reiterated a buy rating on Tesla shares with a $305 price target, which assumes about 45% upside from current levels. "We expect Tesla to expand margins in the medium term as it ramps the important Model Y product as well as new factories in Berlin, Germany and Austin, Texas, and in the long-term as it increases its mix of software revenue," the analysts added. The vote of confidence comes amid a volatile few weeks for Tesla's stock and CEO Elon Musk. Shares have tanked about 28% in the past month, reflecting several concerns that range from the high beta EV stock being hit with the broader market retrenchment on interest rate hike fears to threats of a U.S. recession impacting consumer demand for big-ticket autos. On the latter point, auto sales fell slightly in the September retail sales report released on Friday, echoing recent downbeat commentary on auto demand from the likes of Ford and CarMax. Musk, meanwhile, remains locked in a battle for Twitter — raising concerns that he will be distracted on execution at Tesla. Taken together, those factors have contributed a 40% YTD slide for Tesla's much-loved stock. Not all investors are heading for the door on Tesla, of course. Long-time Tesla bull Cathie Wood remains very upbeat on the company and Musk. "Certainly all stocks are experiencing difficulty in this environment as the market tries to understand how far the Fed is going to go and how deep this recession is going to be. So Tesla is a solution to the problem," Wood exclusively told
(Reuters) - Tesla aims to start mass production of its Cybertruck at the end of 2023, two years after the initial target for the long-awaited pickup truck Chief Executive Elon Musk unveiled in 2019, two people with knowledge of the plans told Reuters. Tesla said last month that it was working on readying its Austin, Texas plant to build the new model with “early production” set to start in the middle of 2023. “We’re in the final lap for Cybertruck,” Musk told a conference call with financial analysts. A gradual ramp in the second half of next year to full output for the sharp-angled electric truck would mean that Tesla would not be recording revenue until early 2024 for a full-quarter of production on a new model seen as key to its growth. It would also mean a wait of another year for the estimated hundreds of thousands of potential buyers who have paid $100 to reserve a Cybertruck in one of the most highly anticipated, and closely tracked electric vehicle launches ever. Tesla did not immediately respond to a request to comment. It has not announced final pricing on the Cybertruck, showed the production version of the vehicle or specified how it will manage the battery supply for the new model. In 2019, Tesla had projected an initial price of under $40,000, but prices for new vehicles have shot higher since then and Tesla has raised prices across its lineup. CRACKED WINDOWS Musk introduced Cybertruck in a 2019 reveal where the vehicle’s designer cracked the vehicle’s supposedly unbreakable “armor glass” windows. The company has pushed back production timing three times since: from late 2021 to late 2022, then to early 2023 and most recently to the mid-2023 target for initial production. The launch of the Cybertruck will give Tesla an EV entrant in one of the most profitable segments of the U.S. market and a competitor to electric pickups from the likes of Ford Motor Co and Rivian Automotive, both of which have launched models in still-limited numbers. In January, Musk had cited shortages in sourcing components as the
In this piece, we will take a look at the ten most successful penny stocks that made it big. If you want to skip our primer on penny stocks and need to jump ahead to the top five stocks in this list, then take a look at 5 Most Successful Penny Stocks That Made It Big.  The world of investing is full of tricks and opportunities, and the massive success of a handful of firms on the stock market has made their founders and investors billionaires. The market is responsible for producing some of the richest individuals in history, such as the founder of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Mr. Bill Gates, and the electric vehicle billionaire Mr. Elon Musk. At the same time, it has also caused others painful losses. These fantastic gains continue to draw large amounts of attention from retail investors in particular, and one segment that catches a lot of this interest is the penny stock sector. Defined as those stocks that trade at less than $5 per share by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), droves of investors flock to these stocks as the low share price presents an attractive entry point and even small gains can result in large profits. When evaluating a penny stock, some metrics take precedence over others. Mostly these stocks either belong to firms will small market shares and revenues or those that are struggling. These factors require careful stock picking, and a look at the balance sheet and the cash flow statement can provide useful tools to sift out any potential problems. For example, through the Debt Ratio, which analyses a firm's total debt with its total assets, an investor can determine if a company is overly leveraged and has taken on too much debt. Too much debt not only ends up burdening the income statement in the form of interest payments, but it also affects payouts to shareholders in case a firm ceases to be a going concern since debt holders get the first priority for payments. Another ratio, which is especially useful for a penny stock, is the
This news release constitutes a “designated news release” for the purposes of the Company’s prospectus supplement dated March 4, 2022 to its short form base shelf prospectus dated February 23, 2022. TORONTO, Nov. 01, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Digihost Technology Inc. (“Digihost” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: DGHI; TSXV: DGHI), an innovative U.S. based Bitcoin (“BTC”) mining company, is pleased to provide unaudited comparative BTC production results for the month ended October 31, 2022, combined with an operations update. All monetary references are expressed in USD unless otherwise indicated. The Company mined 74.58 BTC in October of 2022, compared to 41.84 BTC in October of 2021, an increase of 32.74 BTC or approximately 78%. Production Highlights for October 2022 Mined 74.58 BTC, resulting in total holdings of 118.16 BTC at the end of October valued at approximately $2.45 million based on a BTC price of $20,705 as of October 31, 2022. Ethereum (“ETH”) holdings of 800.89 ETH at the end of October valued at approximately $1.29 million based on an ETH price of $1,620 as of October 31, 2022. Total digital asset inventory value, consisting of BTC and ETH, of approximately $3.74 million as of October 31, 2022. In addition, the Company held cash of approximately $3.42 million at the end of October. Cash and liquid assets as of October 31, 2022 totalled approximately $7.16 million. This compares to cash and liquid assets of approximately $7.46 million as of September 30, 2022. Consistent with management’s commitment to avoid equity dilution for its shareholders, the Company sold a portion of its BTC production during October to fully fund its energy costs. Natural gas prices declined approximately 25% during the month of October. The Company continues to remain debt free as of October 31, 2022. The Company’s mining operations continue to remain cash flow positive. “Despite current volatile economic conditions, Digihost has been able to maintain good liquidity levels of cash and crypto holdings on a month-to-month basis relative to the size of our operations and of equal importance, the Company continues to be debt free. We have maintained these liquidity levels while
Effective 5 January 2022 | Archived versions | Download PDF Country version: India These Terms of Service reflect the way that Google’s business works, the laws that apply to our company, and certain things that we’ve always believed to be true. As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings: Understanding these terms is important because, by using our services, you’re agreeing to these terms. Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy. Although it’s not part of these terms, we encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with: Google LLCorganised under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, California 94043USA If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please ask your parent or legal guardian to read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services, then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services. Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies. These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. Broadly speaking, we give you permission to use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money. When we speak of 'Google', 'we', 'us' and 'our', we mean Google LLC and its affiliates, excluding any local entities based in India. Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with. Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and
This article first appeared in the Morning Brief. Get the Morning Brief sent directly to your inbox every Monday to Friday by 6:30 a.m. ET. Subscribe Monday, October 31, 2022 Today's newsletter is by Brian Sozzi, an editor-at-large and anchor at Yahoo Finance. Follow Sozzi on Twitter @BrianSozzi and on LinkedIn. Read this and more market news on the go with Yahoo Finance App. I realize that market watchers have become even more obsessed with imminent Fed decisions and what officials say in various interviews (such as on Yahoo Finance), but there is more going on in business and finance than the central bank. And if we're learning anything this earnings season, it's that it's surprisingly a good time to be a stockpicker as the market clearly defines winning companies versus losing companies. To that end, here are a few stories that have recently caught my attention. Look at GameStop go: Remember when $GME was over $347 a share at the height of the meme stock craze in late January 2021 (note: the stock split 4-1 in July 2022)? Yeah, well, it's a $28 stock today as the company has continued to operationally struggle and Ryan Cohen enjoys sending bizarre tweets out of his Florida compound. Readers of the Morning Brief know where I stand on $GME, but that is neither here nor there — $GME stock has quietly risen 11% in the past month. S3 Partners CEO Bob Sloan, the Wall Street veteran who just in the new Netflix doc on the meme stock craze, made a good point on $GME on Yahoo Finance Live: "If you look at $GME, I think there's still a billion two short in the stock. If this stock goes past $30, you could see something parabolic." Bob's comments went viral on Reddit and saw heavy interest on the Yahoo Finance Twitter feed — perhaps teasing another push higher in the stock for whatever the reasons. After all, it's almost the holiday season (video game sales pick up) and the company still has its hardcore fanbase. McDonald's is back in a big way: The
Elon Musk's latest lofty prediction for Tesla (TSLA) looks pie in the sky, even by his standards. "I see a potential path to be worth more than Apple and Saudi Aramco combined," Musk proudly proclaimed on the company's earnings call on Wednesday. Doing the math, that would put Tesla's worth at about $4 trillion at some point. Tesla's current market cap is $652 billion, according to Yahoo Finance data. Analysts say that valuation may not happen for eons, if at all. "That seems quite a bit of a stretch," Colin Langan, equity analyst at Wells Fargo, said on Yahoo Finance Live (video above). "You would have to give them full credit for all of these factors that I consider more long-term optionality issues. So things like whether you can get true level four self-driving, whether there is some value in the Optimus bot, Dojo, and these future projects. I think from a pure automaker side, that [valuation] is going to be extremely difficult to do." Tesla's path toward Musk's newest goalpost was off to a rocky start on Thursday. Tesla stock fell more than 6% as of 1:40 p.m. ET as the EV maker warned that it would not meet its 50% growth target for deliveries this year. Tesla's total revenue for the third quarter also fell short of analyst estimates. Wall Street also speculated that a slowdown in Tesla sales in China may be coming soon, which could put further pressure on the stock. "Tesla continued to attribute the 3Q delivery miss to ending the historical delivery wave to help reduce logistics costs, but we believe weaker demand in China is the most likely explanation," Guggenheim analyst Ali Faghri wrote in a note to clients. "We highlight the following: 1) final week deliveries in China were likely down 30%+ vs. 2Q levels (could be ending the delivery wave, could be weaker demand); 2) Tesla placed a modest incentive on China vehicles in September to push sales towards the end of the quarter; 3) wait times in China compressed from 20+ weeks to 1-4 weeks at the end of 3Q;
Whitelisted individuals for the sale will be able to purchase VERSE tokens using BTC, BCH, ETH and USDT/USDC. SAINT KITTS AND NEVIS, Caribbean, November 01, 2022--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Bitcoin.com, a digital ecosystem and secure self-custody platform where users can safely and easily interact with cryptocurrencies and digital assets, has announced that the public sale of the VERSE utility token is now live. VERSE will reward participants for buying, selling, storing, using, and learning about cryptocurrency, while supporting those who are seeking accessible onboarding into Bitcoin and DeFi. VERSE will fuel the growth and expansion of Bitcoin.com’s ecosystem, which includes over 34 million self-custody wallets created in its multi-chain DeFi-ready mobile app, and an award-winning news portal with over 2.5 million monthly readers. VERSE will provide access to exclusive platform services and act as the cornerstone for new initiatives, ultimately expanding access to decentralized technologies and finance. By interacting with the Verse DEX, staking VERSE, receiving cash back in VERSE, and using the VERSE token as collateral in various lending pools, Bitcoin.com’s millions of users will be able to take full advantage of their time spent engaging with the platform. "We are officially entering a new era of Bitcoin.com with the public sale of VERSE. Our team strongly believes in Verse’s mission to enhance economic independence through its utility, ecosystem rewards and low-barrier-to-entry features offered on a secure, trustworthy platform," said Dennis Jarvis, CEO of Bitcoin.com. "It is with Verse that Bitcoin.com will continue to provide not only crypto-newcomers, but also crypto-natives, with the resources, tools, and technology needed to usher in the next cycle of mass DeFi adoption." Two percent of the 210 billion fixed token supply is up for grabs in the public sale. Tokens will begin unlocking from day one and continue on a linear vesting schedule over 18 months. The public sale follows the VERSE Sale A, a private sale, completed in May 2022, where 10% of the total VERSE supply was sold in exchange for $33.6 million. As the public sale is dynamically priced, buyers may secure a price per token that is less than that paid by
Hundreds of high street banks will close this year Bitcoin has soared today as the UK parliament votes to recognise crypto as a regulated financial instrument. On Wednesday the combined cryptocurrency market cap jumped over 5% and regained ground above the $1tn mark. Check: Crypto live prices Bitcoin (BTC-USD) is standing at $20,223 as of the time of writing, a change of 5.6% over the past 24 hours. Ethereum (ETH-USD) jumped over 14% in the past week to $1,508, over 12% in the past 24 hours alone. Other altcoins fared well with Cardano (ADA-USD) up over 11% in the past 24 hours to $0.39. Read more: Could Rishi Sunak make the UK a global crypto hub? In the midst of speculation that prime minister Rishi Sunak will make Britain a crypto hub and world leader in digital asset innovation, the UK's parliament voted to recognise cryptocurrencies as regulated financial instruments and products. The House of Commons met on Tuesday to debate the proposed Financial Services and Markets Bill, which covers the UK's post-Brexit economic strategy. Watch: 'Bitcoin will eat into global finance until it's $1m per coin' | The Crypto Mile This bill was introduced during Sunak's time as the UK's Chancellor of the Exchequer when he served in Boris Johnson's administration. During the sitting Andrew Griffith, Conservative MP for Arundel and South Downs, put forward an amendment to include crypto assets in the scope of regulated financial services in the UK. Members of Parliament voted to include the amendment in the bill that already includes measures to extend existing regulations to stablecoins, a digital asset whose price is pegged to US dollars or gold. Griffith has been the UK's Financial Secretary to the Treasury and City Minister since September 2022. During the parliamentary meeting, he said: "The substance here is to treat them crypto like other forms of financial assets and not to prefer them, but also to bring them within the scope of regulation for the first time." Griffith added that the new clause 14 in the bill, "clarifies that crypto assets could be brought within the scope
(Adds comment from government source, background) MILAN, Oct 6 (Reuters) - Planned gas production by Italy's Adriatic LNG terminal operator could be reduced because of an unscheduled outage on Thursday, Italian energy group Edison said in a message posted on Italy's specialist GME platform. The Adriatic LNG terminal operator, whose annual regasification capacity has recently been increased to 9 billion cubic metres a year, is working to resolve the situation, Edison added. It did not give a timeframe for fixing the problem. A government source told Reuters that the issue seems manageable and should not have a serious impact on gas supply to Italy. The terminal located in the Adriatic Sea, about 15 km off the Veneto coastline, can cover around 12% of Italy's annual national gas consumption, according to its website. Adriatic LNG is controlled by ExxonMobil, which owns a stake of 70.7%, with QatarEnergy and Italian gas grid operator Snam owning the rest. The terminal, which became operational in 2009, has a work hub in the Italian city of Rovigo. Italy's gas storage is nearly full ahead of the winter as it seeks a buffer against potential disruptions of supplies from Russia, on which it has reduced its reliance, Eni CEO Claudio Descalzi said earlier on Thursday. He also said that Italy should be alert about unexpected technical or operational problems with the country's infrastructure that could jeopardise its energy security. (Reporting by Francesca Landini and Giuseppe Fonte, editing by Gianluca Semeraro and Keith Weir) Costco  offers a very simple proposition to its members.  Basically, Costco offers no frills -- its stores aren't just called warehouses, they actually are warehouses -- and items are basically just stacked on pallets.  Costco also puts relentless pressure on its vendors to squeeze out every penny of cost from each item. Frontline workers are stressed by the limited-time promotion that runs through the end of October. Oil prices have been all over the place this year.  WTI, the primary U.S. oil price benchmark, started 2022 at around $75 a barrel before rocketing over $120 a barrel following Russia's
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it and how you can update, manage, export and delete your information. Privacy Check-Up Looking to change your privacy settings? Take the Privacy Check-Up We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos and definitions for key terms. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us. We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users – from figuring out basic stuff such as which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information that we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application or device that
(Our weekly analysis of the wild world of cryptocurrencies) By Lisa Pauline Mattackal and Medha Singh Nov 1 (Reuters) - After months of tears and tantrums, bitcoin wants to split up with stock markets. The cryptocurrency, which has been closely correlated with tech stocks for much of its torrid 2022, is staging one of its strongest efforts yet to break away. Its 30-day correlation with the Nasdaq slid to 0.26 last week, its level lowest since early January, where a measure of 1 indicates the two assets are moving in lock step. The correlation, which shows the degree to which the two move in sync with each other over a 30-day period, has hovered above 0.75 for much of the year and at times has approached perfect unison - at 0.96 and 0.93 in May and September. For some crypto backers, any bitcoin break-up from Big Tech is a sign of strength. "The latter's growth has been somewhat tapped out, and investors are looking for the next growth industry. Bitcoin and crypto is one of those 'next' growth industries," said Santiago Portela, CEO of FITCHIN, a Web3 gaming ecosystem. The nascent uncoupling does indeed coincide with a period of comparative calm and consolidation for the teenage cryptocurrency a year after it began its epic nosedive from the heady heights of $69,000 hit in November last year. Bitcoin is hovering near one-month highs around $20,500 and rose over 5% last week, outperforming the Nasdaq's 2% gain as dour quarterly results from Microsoft, Alphabet, Meta and Amazon weighed. HODLERS HOLDING OUT The crypto winter has been cold and hard, though. The total market cap for cryptocurrencies has shrunk by more than a third to $984 billion from nearly $3 trillion in November 2021, according to CoinMarketCap.com. Market participation has also dwindled, with the average daily trading volume of digital asset products falling to $61.3 million as of Oct. 25, far from the daily volumes of around $700 million seen last November, CryptoCompare data shows. Nonetheless, months of persistent selling has failed to shake out the old hands, who are digging in despite
Across the world, people are losing trust in the institutions that underpin society. Any thinking person can see the institutions of governance, finance and money are corrupt, incompetent and yet unavoidable. As a result, the world is in a continued state of crisis, gyrating from one emergency to another with ever increasing speed and volatility. Progress and growth are stagnant. Hate, nihilism and pessimism are culturally dominant. Edan Yago is the founder of Sorvyn. This article is excerpted from The Node, CoinDesk's daily roundup of the most pivotal stories in blockchain and crypto news. You can subscribe to get the full newsletter here. The failings of our institutions are many but the root cause is the same: monopoly power. We all know that monopolies are bad for everyone except the company concentrating power. Yet, when it comes to the greatest monopoly of all, the state, we somehow forget commonsense. Why? Because we assume there is no alternative. Of course a singular entity must oversee the law, and control violence within its borders. Until very recently this assumption was warranted, but on Jan. 3, 2009, Satoshi released Bitcoin and showed us an alternative. He showed it is possible to build a system of rules without an administrator. He showed that this can be applied to the most fundamental institution of property and law: the institution of money. Bitcoin showed that all users can be superusers and that admins are not necessary at all. See also: Why Satoshi Chose Halloween to Release the Bitcoin White Paper | Opinion What Bitcoin demonstrated in the domain of money, tokens have since demonstrated for other types of digital property. More recently, decentralized finance (DeFi) is calling into question the need for admins in financial services. Web3 (or 5, if you prefer) is likewise an effort to eliminate the need for internet services to be monopolies as well. We are part of the most historically radical revolution in human affairs and few seem to grasp the full magnitude of what is happening. The endpoint of this revolution is that we will finally rid ourselves of the most dangerous
PARIS (Reuters) - Stellantis on Monday announced it had signed a non-binding agreement with GME to secure raw material supplies, including nickel and cobalt sulphate, needed to produce electric vehicle batteries. (Reporting by Tassilo Hummel; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta) Related Quotes It may not be practical — at least for now. Take a look at this list of stock market holidays in 2022 to find out whether the market will be open on days like Labor Day, Black Friday, Christmas Eve and more. PayPal  is in trouble.  "You are independently responsible for complying with all applicable laws in all of your actions related to your use of PayPal's services, regardless of the purpose of the use," the document, called "Acceptable Use of Policy," said. Oil prices have bounced around quite a bit this year.  Brent oil, the global-pricing benchmark, started 2022 below $80 a barrel before soaring into the $120s following Russia's invasion of Ukraine.  With the prospect of higher oil prices, we asked some of our energy contributors what oil stocks they believe are best positioned to capitalize following OPEC's bold move. In Musk v. Twitter, a part of the business life of the richest man in the world is revealed.  Private messages exchanged with his inner circle immerse us into his process when he conceives an idea. The messages were released by the Delaware Chancery Court as part of the proceedings between the two parties. (Reuters) -Tesla Inc delivered 83,135 China-made electric vehicles (EVs) in September, smashing its monthly record, according to a report released on Sunday by the China Passenger Car Association (CPCA).  The number marks an 8% increase from August and set a record for Tesla’s Shanghai factory since production began in December 2019, topping the prior deliveries high of 78,906 in June, as the U.S. car maker continues to invest in production in China.  "The record high sales of China-made Tesla cars showed electric vehicles have been leading the mobility trend," Tesla said in a brief statement. For the retail investor, the only certainty of our current market
By Hyunjoo Jin (Reuters) - Elon Musk has championed Tesla Inc's driver assistance Autopilot and "Full Self-Driving" software as innovations that will both improve road safety and position the electric vehicle maker as a technology leader. But the Tesla systems - and Musk's claims about them - face their biggest challenge since the launch of Autopilot in 2015 as a series of lawsuits and a criminal case over fatal Tesla accidents head to court. Here is a list of legal and regulatory challenges to Autopilot: CRIMINAL CASE IN CALIFORNIA A Model S driver charged with manslaughter after a fatal accident while using Autopilot in 2019 in Los Angeles faces a trial set to start Nov. 15. Tesla was not charged, but the Tesla system and the company's claims about it are expected to be in focus. The trial is being watched by legal experts as a kind of test case for the responsibility of a human driver who was in a car partly driving itself. The family of one of the two people who died in the crash has also sued Tesla and the driver, claiming Tesla should have taken steps to safeguard abuses of Autopilot. That trial is scheduled for July. FLORIDA LAWSUIT A lawsuit against Tesla is set to go to trial in February over an accident that killed the 50-year-old Tesla Model 3 owner Jeremy Banner when his car struck a tractor trailer at the intersection of a highway in Florida in 2019. This is scheduled to be the first civil lawsuit related to Autopilot that goes to trial. MOUNTAIN VIEW ACCIDENT A 2018 crash involving a Tesla Model X killed the driver, Apple engineer Walter Huang, when it swerved and slammed into a concrete divider on a freeway in Mountain View, California. A lawsuit by his wife against Tesla is scheduled to go to trial in March. The National Transportation Safety Board investigated both the California and Florida accidents, and blamed both the driver and Tesla. The NTSB said drivers relied too heavily on the Autopilot system, while Tesla failed to restrict the use of Autopilot
The driverless tech industry hit a couple of snags this week. First came news in Ford’s (F) Q3 earnings report that the automaker was shutting down its Argo AI autonomous driving joint venture. Ford said it would be taking a $2.7 billion non-cash, pretax impairment on its investment in Argo AI, with engineers and other employees being absorbed by Ford and its Argo AI partner, Volkswagen. Volkswagen said it would take a $1.9 billion charge from the winding down of Argo. Then Reuters reported that the Justice Department began a criminal probe last year looking into several crashes involving Tesla’s Autopilot driver assistance system, which was activated during those accidents, and whether Tesla made fraudulent claims about its driver assistance technology's capabilities. Argo AI and Tesla were both pursuing the goal of Level 4 and Level 5 driving automation — while using different strategies to get there. Argo AI worked with authorities and stakeholders like cyclist and pedestrian safety organizations to help shape its product, whereas Tesla made its users and even the open roads of the U.S. its beta testing playground. In any case, “it’s become clear it’s going to take longer than what investors really wanted to hear," Philip Koopman, Carnegie Mellon associate professor and self-driving expert, told Yahoo Finance. Doug Field, Ford’s chief product and tech officer, said during the company’s earnings call this week that level 4 self-driving "is going to be a really tough problem to solve." Field, a former long-time Tesla engineer, added that the task will be "the toughest problem of our generation." Ford said its struggles with developing fully-autonomous Level 4 and Level 5 tech was both a capital and talent issue, meaning the automaker did not know how much capital and talent it would need to solve the problem. Ultimately, the cost was something that Ford and Volkswagen were unwilling to bear. “When we looked at the business opportunity here, we saw that the arc to a scaled, profitable business was a long way off — 5 years-plus out,” John Lawler, Ford CFO said to Yahoo Finance this week about Level
In this article we present the list of 10 Epic Video Game Stocks to Buy Now. Click to jump straight to the top 5 Epic Video Game Stocks to Buy Now. Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA), Roblox Corporation (NYSE:RBLX), and Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTWO) are a few epic video game stocks that the smart money is buying up in droves. The video game industry is booming, nearly doubling in value to a projected $236 billion from just $120 billion in 2017. While the industry’s growth rate is slowing somewhat, it’s nonetheless expected to expand by another $85 billion by 2026. PC and console gaming get the bulk of the attention among the mainstream video game press and hardcore gamers, but it’s actually the social and casual gaming segment of the industry that has been largely responsible for its explosive past and projected growth. That segment of the industry alone is expected to be worth $243 billion by 2026, greater than the entire industry’s size as of this year. Asian countries are among the biggest gaming hotbeds, with China leading the pack in terms of gaming revenue generated by country at $49.3 billion in 2021. Japan, South Korea, and India all rank within the top 6 biggest gaming markets, while the U.S., U.K, France, Germany, Mexico, and Russia round out the top 10. Industry consolidation has driven some of the biggest gaming companies in the world off this list in recent years, as both Zynga and Activision Blizzard, which consistently ranked as top gaming stocks in the past, were acquired by Take-Two Interactive and Microsoft respectively. At least in terms of console and PC gaming, that consolidation and the cost of making so-called AAA games is making it all but impossible for new entrants to compete. With game development costs rising on console and PC, those costs are being pushed onto consumers, with the average game price now pushing $70. That’s seen as bad news for that segment of the industry, as cash-strapped consumers struggle to keep up with the newest games. With the average cost of an AAA game now approaching
In this article, we will look at the 16 best penny stocks to buy now. If you want to explore similar stocks, you can also take a look at 5 Best Penny Stocks To Buy Now. Penny stocks offer investors a high degree of risk and potential for reward. For the investor willing to take on a higher degree of risk, penny stocks may offer the opportunity to generate significant returns. Penny stocks are typically defined as stocks that trade for less than $5 per share. While there are a number of risks associated with investing in penny stocks, there are also a number of potential benefits. Penny stocks tend to be much less liquid than larger, more established stocks. This can make it difficult to sell your shares when you want to exit your position. Penny stocks also tend to be much more volatile than larger stocks. This means that they can experience much larger swings in price, both up and down. Despite the risks, such as having less liquidity, there are a number of reasons why investors may choose to invest in penny stocks. Penny stocks offer investors the opportunity to gain exposure to a company at a very early stage. This can provide the potential for significant returns if the company turns out to be a success. Penny stocks also tend to be much cheaper than larger stocks, and if value can be found in the universe of penny stocks, investors can potentially make several times their initial investment. Investing in penny stocks comes with high risk, so investors should always evaluate their risk tolerance and practice due diligence before jumping into this volatile asset class. The true power of retail investing and trading penny stocks came to the spotlight back when a group of retail investors racked up shares of brick-and-mortar companies such as AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AMC), GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME), and Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (NASDAQ:BBBY) and pocketed huge profits while inflicting major losses on elite hedge funds. However, in this article, we will not talk about meme stocks but rather discuss some of
Tesla (TSLA): Shares dropped after the company’s third-quarter revenue fell short of Wall Street estimates. Tesla reported adjusted earnings of $1.05 per share on sales of $21.45 billion. The company also reaffirmed that it still expects to see 50% average annual growth rate on vehicle deliveries, despite logistics volatility and supply chain bottlenecks. IBM (IBM): IBM boosted its full-year revenue forecast and posted better than expected third-quarter results, sending shares up more than 4% in extended trading. Revenue for the third quarter totaled $14.1 billion on earnings of $1.81 per share. Red Hat revenue rose 12%. Las Vegas Sands (LVS): The casino giant reported a third-quarter adjusted loss of 27 cents, wider than the street’s expectations for a 24 cent a share loss, on revenue of $1.01 billion. In the earnings release, executives noted that travel restrictions and reduced visitation continued to impact their business. Despite the slowdown, CEO Rob Goldstein remained positive, noting that he’s ‘confident in the recovery of travel and tourism spending. Lam Research (LRCX): The semiconductor company’s third quarter results beat on both the top and bottom lines, sending shares higher in after-hours trading. Revenue for the quarter totaled $5.07 billion, up 9.5% from the previous quarter. CEO Tim Archer noted that “solid execution combined with easing supply chain conditions” helped boost the company’s results. Click here for the latest trending stock tickers of the Yahoo Finance platform Click here for the latest stock market news and in-depth analysis, including events that move stocks Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance Download the Yahoo Finance app for Apple or Android Follow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Flipboard, LinkedIn, and YouTube Related Quotes ROTH Capital Partners Senior Research Analyst Craig Irwin joins Yahoo Finance Live to discuss Tesla earnings and its revenue miss.&nbsp; Turning a cold shoulder to news that Plug Power (NASDAQ: PLUG) is expanding its partnership with FreezPak Logistics, investors are clicking the sell button on the fuel cell specialist Wednesday.  As of 12:08 p.m. ET, shares of Plug Power were down by 6.2%.  FreezPak Logistics has been working
(Adds background) MILAN, Oct 2 (Reuters) - Italy's Eni said on Sunday that it would not receive any of the gas it had requested from Russian supplier Gazprom for Monday. In a note published on a platform of Italian energy exchange operator GME, Eni said that the situation was expected to remain the same until Oct. 4, adding it would give further updates. Eni, the biggest importer of Russian gas in Italy, flagged on Saturday that Russian gas supplies through the Tarvisio entry point would be at zero for this weekend, with Gazprom blaming the disruption on regulatory changes in Austria. Earlier, Italy's energy minister said the country will be able to get through the winter with existing gas storage and flow levels unless there are "catastrophic events". (Reporting by Federico Maccioni, editing by Alexander Smith) (Bloomberg) -- As the world’s biggest oil and gas traders descended on Singapore this week for one of their industry’s top conferences, it wasn’t just the maskless crowds and packed late-night cocktail parties reminding them of times past.Most Read from BloombergGazprom Halts Gas Supplies to Italy in Latest Energy BattleGet Ready for Another Bear-Market Rally, Strategist Emanuel SaysIndonesia Soccer Stampede Kills 131 as Use of Tear Gas QueriedFed Begins to Split on the Need for Speed to Peak Ra (Bloomberg) -- Senior Biden administration officials pressed executives from some of the largest US gasoline producers to curtail overseas sales during a tense meeting Friday afternoon, suggesting that without voluntary action, the government could force the industry to stockpile more fuel in US tanks.Most Read from BloombergGazprom Halts Gas Supplies to Italy in Latest Energy BattleGet Ready for Another Bear-Market Rally, Strategist Emanuel SaysIndonesia Soccer Stampede Kills 131 as Use of Tear (Bloomberg) -- Oil shed nearly 25% to post its first quarterly loss in more than two years as escalating fears over a global economic slowdown and a stronger dollar overshadowed concerns of tightness in oil supplies.Most Read from BloombergGazprom Halts Gas Supplies to Italy in Latest Energy BattleFed Begins to Split on the Need for Speed to Peak RatesIndonesia Suspends Football Matches as
Core Scientific (CORZ) will not make debt payments due in October and November, according to a new securities filing. Shares of the bitcoin mining company were down as much as 76% on Thursday morning. Core said it's exploring alternatives to its capital structure and is working with financial and legal advisers but noted that it might have to file for bankruptcy. — in which case common stock holders would completely lose their investments. “Given the uncertainty regarding the Company’s financial condition, substantial doubt exists about the Company’s ability to continue,” Core stated in the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission Bitcoin mining companies such as Core often take on debt to remain competitive in a business with heavy capital expenditures in the form of mining equipment, facilities, and electricity costs. Bitcoin mining companies like Core Scientific have become strapped for cash due to rising costs of electricity and plummeting prices of the largest cryptocurrencies. "I've been hearing a lot of bad things about bitcoin miners who more susceptible to rising energy costs and have a lot of debt. Core Scientific is both of those," says Chris Brendler, a senior equities analyst with D.A. Davidson. Brendler downgraded Core from "buy" to "neutral" last week. The securities filing Thursday comes after the company accused bankrupt crypto lender Celsius Network of not paying its own bills to Core. The mining company said it's paying an additional $1.65 million to host Celsius’ mining operation, according to a motion that Core filed on Oct. 19 in bankruptcy court. The motion said the contract charges Celsius at flat rate that doesn’t account for spikes in the costs of crypto mining. Earlier this month in a reply to Core Scientific's initial complaint in the Celsius bankruptcy case, Celsius' legal counsel said Core Scientific is running 10,885 bitcoin mining machines for the embattled firm. Shutting those machines off would cut millions in revenue Celsius has been using to pay for its bankruptcy proceedings a cash flow report from Celsius' legal counsel shows. Core is asking the court to force Celsius to either pay its bills or terminate
Give that DOGE a bone. Dogecoin (DOGE), the canine-inspired meme token often associated with electric-vehicle-tycoon-turned-Twitter-owner Elon Musk, was the top performer in October among the 150 digital assets in the CoinDesk Market Index (CMI). The DOGE price rose 101% during the month, vastly outpacing the 7% climb in the CMI overall. Bitcoin (BTC), the largest cryptocurrency by market value, was up 5.5% on the month, while No. 2 ether (ETH) gained 18%. Digital-asset analysts attributed the big jump in DOGE to Musk’s dramatic $44 billion takeover of Twitter – ostensibly tied to speculation that the deal might somehow, eventually, bring value or utility to the Dogecoin blockchain and its eponymous cryptocurrency. During a May 2021 appearance on NBC’s “Saturday Night Live,” Musk used the line, “Call me the Dogefather.” And in January 2021, Musk used Twitter to send out an image of himself holding up a Shiba Inu puppy – the dog breed that inspired dogecoin. Musk at one point suggested – perhaps in jest, perhaps not – charging 0.1 DOGE per tweet.  Dogecoin rose “on the back of excitement over Elon Musk's takeover of Twitter,” the digital-asset investment fund QCP Capital wrote Monday in a note on Telegram. “Musk's tweets have created price swings in the past, even suggesting using DOGE as payment for a Twitter subscription.” Katie Talati, head of research at crypto asset-management firm Arca Funds, said dogecoin’s recent trading spikes “have very much been speculation-driven,” similar to last year’s frenzy in meme stocks. “It's the same way as people trading GameStop and AMC,” Talati said. “It’s a token that drove a lot of retail interest.” Among the CMI index constituents, Mask Network’s MASK token was the second-best performer in October, with a 96% return, followed by the decentralized crypto exchange SushiSwap’s SUSHI token, which surged 45%. SushiSwap’s decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) approved a restructuring last week. Ether’s monthly return was fueled partly by a short squeeze last week. The cryptocurrency has benefited from fresh speculation following the Ethereum blockchain’s Merge last month, which shifted the network to a more energy-efficient “proof-of-stake” network. The change also
Sometime in the (Eastern time zone) evening on July 25, 2021, was the start of a magical run for bitcoin, punctuated by a late night 5% jump (noted by the yellow arrow in chart below). Bitcoin was in the mid-$30,000s range at the time, but by November it had reached an all-time high of around $68,000. That era (basically ancient history at this point) zoomed back into my head last week. Bitcoin started 1 p.m. Eastern time on October 25 at $19,808.06, got as high as $20,176 during the hour, and was at $20,126.20 at 2 p.m. ET. The low in that hour was also $19,808.06 – an only-go-up hour. You’re reading Crypto Long & Short, our weekly newsletter featuring insights, news and analysis for the professional investor. Sign up here to get it in your inbox every Sunday. Granted, this move wasn’t as big as the July 2021 one, but it raised eyebrows nonetheless (astute readers will see another such candle on the morning of October 26). I’m also not implying that past performance is indicative of future results, so characterizing this one hour of price movement as the start of another run up to all-time highs would be premature (though history tends to rhyme). But let’s face it, the bitcoin market has been pretty boring and last week was anything but. Not just because of the move up, but also because it happened in spite of last week’s dismal performance of big technology stocks. Let’s first start with bitcoin’s good week. Bitcoin’s price could be up for any number of reasons, but here are two key things that happened on Wednesday. The Bank of Canada surprised financial markets by raising interest rates by only 50 basis points instead of 75 basis points. And the U.S. Census Bureau also reported a 10.9% decline in new home sales in September around the same time. Both feed into the same idea: Central banks might slow rate increases because the economy is cooling enough to tame inflation. Policy makers in Canada raised by less than expected. Meanwhile, U.S. inflation has been fueled,
By Scott Kanowsky Investing.com -- Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) has been in talks with Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) over the electric carmaker potentially taking a stake in the Swiss commodities group, according to a report in the Financial Times. Preliminary negotiations over billionaire Elon Musk's Tesla purchasing between 10% - 20% of Glencore first started last year, the FT said, citing two people familiar with the situation. But these discussions hit a snag in March 2022 after Tesla posed concerns over the environmental impact of Glencore's coal mining operations. Global vehicle manufacturers are racing to nail down their raw material supply sources as firms across the automobile industry plan to transition to selling more electric cars. Tesla has already signed a so-called offtake agreement - or a long-term deal to secure raw material sources - with Glencore. But Musk has tweeted that Tesla may need to "get into [...] mining&refining directly at scale" to stem potential supply chain disruptions and improve costs. Tesla and Glencore did not officially comment on the story. Shares in Glencore fell in early trading in London on Monday. Related Articles Glencore Shares Slip as Tesla Reportedly Eyes Potential Stake Purchase Apollo holds crypto for clients as it expands in digital assets Credit Suisse unveils details of $4 billion capital raising plan Related Quotes
Up more than 800% over the last five years, Tesla TSLA shares have been a stellar investment. However, the fun has abruptly stopped in 2022, with the stock down more than 40% YTD and widely underperforming the general market. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Logistical issues have been a thorn in the company’s side, with a hawkish Federal Reserve further spoiling the fun. Now, Tesla shares are back in the spotlight following recent news regarding price cuts for its electric vehicles (EVs) in China. As previously known, Tesla upped its EV prices in China due to rising material costs. Further, these reflect Tesla’s first price cuts in China in 2022, with the company’s popular Model 3 and Y seeing their prices drop by as much as 9%. The market didn’t react well to the news, with Tesla shares experiencing adverse price action in pre-market trading. Let’s dive deeper into Tesla’s recent quarterly print and see how it currently stacks up. Tesla Q3    Tesla reported quarterly earnings of $1.05 per share, handily beating the Zacks Consensus EPS Estimate of $0.95 by more than 10%. Revenue came in under expectations, with the $21.5 billion reported figure missing the Zacks Consensus Sales Estimate by roughly 4% but reflecting a 56% Y/Y uptick. Below is a chart illustrating the company’s revenue on a quarterly basis. Image Source: Zacks Investment Research Tesla delivered 343,830 vehicles throughout the quarter, which fell short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of 356,163 by approximately 3.5%. Still, it was a quarterly record for the company. Further, over 365,000 vehicles were produced by Tesla during the quarter, which also fell short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate by roughly 3%. In a press release, Tesla shined a brighter light on the company’s logistic struggles, stating, “As our production volumes continue to grow, it is becoming increasingly challenging to secure vehicle transportation capacity and at a reasonable cost during these peak logistics weeks.” Valuation & Growth Estimates It’s no secret that Tesla shares are pricey, typical of high-growth stocks. The company’s 7.9X forward price-to-sales ratio sits well above its 5.1X five-year median